ARROW-15327: [R] Update news for 7.0.0 (#12159)
apache/arrow: r/NEWS.md

# arrow 6.0.1.9000

## New features

> * Code to generate schemas (and individual data type specficiations) are now accessible with the `$code()` on a `schema` or `type`. This allows you to easily get the code needed to create a schema from an object that already has one.

Author: Honestly, yes, I think so, a lot of the others are more polish / specific to the query engine. Happy to move another one up to the top if there's a better one. This is quite useful for people dealing with schemas.

* Arrow `Duration` type is now mapped to base R `difftime`.
* Updated `write_csv_arrow()` to follow the signature of `readr::write_csv()`. The following arguments are supported:
  * `file` identical to `sink`
  * `col_names` identical to `include_header`
  * other arguments are currently unsupported, but the function errors with a meaningful message.
* `lubridate::week()` is now supported in dplyr queries.
* Added `decimal256()`. Updated `decimal()`, which now calls `decimal256()` or `decimal128()` based on the value of the `precision` argument.
* When adding columns in a dplyr pipeline, one can now use `tibble` and `data.frame` to create columns of tibbles or data.frames respectively (e.g. `... %>% mutate(df_col = tibble(a, b)) %>% ...`).
* More of `lubridate`'s `is.*` functions are natively supported in Arrow.
* Dictionaries (base R's factors) are now supported inside of `coalesce()`.
* The package now compiles and installs on Raspberry Pi OS.

## Breaking changes

> * R 3.3 is no longer supported (`glue`, which we depend on transitively has dropped support for 3.3 so we did as well).

Author: ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ It would break if you're on 3.3, but I'll move it / get rid of breaking changes

## Quality of life enhancements 
* Many of the vignettes have been reorganized, restructured and expanded to improve their usefulness and clarity.
* Source builds now by default use `pkg-config` to search for system dependencies (such as `libz`) and link to them 
if present. To retain the previous behaviour of downloading and building all dependencies, set `ARROW_DEPENDENCY_SOURCE=BUNDLED`.

> * `open_dataset()` now accepts (though ignores) partitioning column names with hive-style partitioned data. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `open_dataset()` accepts the `partitioning` argument when reading Hive-style partitioned files, even though it is not required. 
```

* `write_parquet()` now uses a reasonable guess at `chunk_size` instead of always writing a single chunk.
* S3 file systems can now be created with `proxy_options` for helping specify a proxy.
* There is an improved error message when reading CSVs and there is a conflict between a header in the file and schema/column names are provided as arguments.
* Delimited files (including CSVs) with encodings other than UTF can now be read (using the `encoding` argument when reading).
* Integer division in Arrow now more closely matches R's behavior.
* Snappy and lz4 compression libraries are now built (and enabled) by default. 
* The `label` argument is now supported in the `lubridate::month` binding.
* Conditionals insides of `group_by` aggregations are now supported.
* Opening datasets now use async scanner by default which resolves a deadlock issues related to reading in large multi-CSV datasets
* brotli compression is now possible on Windows builds.
* Building Arrow on Windows can now find a locally built libarrow library.

## Bug fixes
* The experimental `map_batches()` is working once more.
* `write_parquet()` no longer drops attributes for grouped data.frames.

> * `head()` no longer hangs on CSV datasets > 600MB.

Author: @thisisnic ?

> * `head()` no longer hangs on CSV datasets > 600MB.

Author: I've also changed this to just be "large"

> * `open_dataset()` now faithfully ignores `BOM`s (like we already did with reading single files).

Author: Byte order marks, I've added that to the text

> * Fixed a bug with altrep that could change the underlying data when it was reordered.

Author: I've clarified

* Resolved a segfault when creating S3 file systems.

## Under-the-hood changes

> * Chunked arrays are now supported using altrep.

Author: I've moved this up to new features

> * The pointers used to pass data between R and Python have been improved to be more reliable. Backwards compatibility with older versions of pyarrow has been maintained. 

Author: Not really — it could have been a bug, but we hadn't seen it in reality. I'm happy to move it if you prefer tho
